Default implementation of compile_hint (#680)
lambdaclass/cairo-rs: CHANGELOG.md

    * Public Api changes:
        * `VirtualMachineError` enum variants containing `MaybeRelocatable` and/or `Relocatable` values now use the `Display` format instead of `Debug` in their `Display` implementation
        * `get_traceback` now adds the source code line to each traceback entry

* Default implementation of compile_hint [#680](https://github.com/lambdaclass/cairo-rs/pull/680)
    * Internal changes: 

>         * Make the `compile_hint` implementation which was in the `builtin_hint_processor` the default implementation in the trait. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Make the `compile_hint` implementation which was in the `BuiltinHintProcessor` the default implementation in the trait. 
```
